In today's video we are going to learn
how you can book a free doctor consultation through ICICI LBD app.  The
first app to be installed with Mr. Policy is the
ICICI LBAD app from Google Play Store or Apple App Store.
Once the app is installed, log in.  To log in,
open the app and enter your registered
mobile number.  After entering the number
you will receive an OTP.
Enter the received OTP and click on Continue.
Now you are successfully logged in to F.  If you
scroll down a little,
you will see the option of tele consultation.
Click on it and now you will get the
option to select the member.
Select the member for whom you want to book a Doctor A
consultation.
After selecting the member, two options will be shown to you.
Consult Doctor On Call & View
Past Consultations.
You can check the details of your past consultations by clicking on View Past Consultations.
And to
book a new consultation,
click on the Consult Doctor on Call option appearing above.
And the list of doctors of all categories will be shown in front of you.
Select the doctor according to your problem.
And above you will see three lines, by
clicking on which you can modify the doctor's language,
gender and availability.
Select any one doctor as per your choice and click on book appointment.
Then the final booking screen will appear.
Here you have to choose a consultation mode.
Like choose any one option from voice call or video call me
and enter your mobile
number and click on confirm.
Within a short time, you will get a
call from the doctor for a consultation
and this consultation is absolutely free for unlimited time.
If you have any query then
comment.  Stay connected with Mr. Policy for
more informative videos